---
published: true
title: See various female stars how to play ripped jeans
layout: post
---
(Original title: Qin Shupei choke a dog, there are many good men in the world, but pull cool Chen is only one! ) Reading this, make a hole in a pair of jeans you learned it?Over the years, ripped jeans as a symbol of rebellion and fashion, is the trend of people\'s favorite. Whether it\'s streets snapping catwalk shows, there\'s no single product can be ripped jeans models can better reflect the personality and taste. [One lets you win One Piece](http://www.mkfans.com/2016/03/08/one-lets-you-win-one-piece/)Small series today and share a few female stars on ripped jeans brilliant deduction, see which combination is your food?1. LiuAs an international supermodel, Liu\'s body, and u don\'t have to say much. Brightly coloured loose tops and straight ripped jeans, rolled up pants simple fashion, the tops will not take too long is the key!2. Miranda KerrDenim shirt and light colored holes series also can be a perfect match. Tuck your shirt into your pants is able and slim promotion perfect hot Mama is so easy.3. Gu Lina tiePrinting t shirt match holes in jeans is a Joker, Oh! If you like color pattern too monotonous, then, add a baseball uniform coat, real sports fan!4. Jing TianNa Zha is different, jintian this match more urban leisure-oriented style. Delicate and characteristic coat is feminine, and pants with a neutral, overbearing chairwoman of treating the wood!5. TIAN ART\"Princess\" recently of the airports Look very pretty, black locomotive with one nifty fashion tie ball head and handsome bending wave\'s sister.6. song JiaSimple white shirts online! White shirt in wild style, needless to say, literally holes in pants is making the overall shape eye-catching decoration many styling-capable.Seeing so much, do you also feel that ripped jeans looks good, want to go buy a pair! For a while! Don\'t worry, in fact, ripped jeans can DIY!You do not believe? Then come learn Baidu user sums up with small series of tips!Prepare materials:Utility knife, cardboard, needles (try to find than most families needles are long and thick, easy to handle, it can be replaced without pins and awls)1. Kit material ready, remember to tuck cardboard inside the leg, mats below, was intended mainly to prevent operation during whole pants all cut with a knife.2. now start needed holes made with a knife, \"attention\" must be drawn in one direction (left to right or right to left), and must be horizontal. Not too big, preventing transverse white lines cut, if slowly, basic horizontal line is broken, the process to be patient.3. when, and not too big. When you stroke a while, suddenly found that they were parts of the cotton-like thing, which is still a little bit of patience. Until after the particularly rich in cotton wool, not far away from success.4. part of the base of the knife is complete, everyone down with his thumb rubbed in one direction, all purpose is to batting off. Batting after cleaning the surface attached to the pants, the white line leak. [One lets you win One Piece](http://www.mkfans.com/2016/03/08/one-lets-you-win-one-piece/)5. of course, there are stubborn batting, of rubbing your hands down, this time with a needle, one a challenge, don\'t worry, good things take time to slowly get, so don\'t worry girls. Such repeated several times.6. the final step for everyone to see, horizontal white lines on a never stopped, if we think that after playing is not very natural, can stir inside pants thrown directly into the washing machine. After the basic effect is quite natural.Make a hole in a pair of jeans you learned it? If you have any good ideas, or you can tell small make up yo ❤Hole ripped jeans pants celebrity fashion