---
published: true
title: Beauty cell phones do not fly! Gao Yan was so
layout: post
---
Women in addition to clothes, shoes, bags, cosmetics, is one of the most important self portrait beauty to burst phone! did he say in the voices of girls, photos on your phone will always be good aerobic skin color but loving sisters! (Dream enough --) others cell phone photo album that black Huang Cai is a portrayal of the real, so say good skin care is necessary, no beauty can also be good da, no longer fear ugly as go!Girls always have such a choice difficult, beauty so much fear, low beauty can\'t hide skin problems, good grief! if! suppressed fear, a good skin is delicate and graceful even in someone else\'s mobile phone camera da -Cleansing, the first thing to do!Tips 1: avoid water temperature too highAppropriate wash water temperature and body temperature approached, for dry skin, it is best to wash your face with cold water through cold skin irritation can increase the volume of subcutaneous fat. For oily skin, you should not wash your face with cold water for a long time, because \"cold spasm\", so the pores, unable to wash accumulated on the face of the sebum residue and other dirt, dust and cosmetics will not be able to achieve a cosmetic effect, but prone to skin diseases such as acne, affecting beauty.Tips 2: avoid washing washing faceWash your face with information related to the area should be cleaned to the edge. For example the neck, especially the two ears, including the pros and cons of ear, or in your face, I can see black and white, even on makeup unnatural!Tips 3: avoid using an old towel large-frictionWash is the main tool was a towel because towels cotton fiber easy to harden, towels that hardens will abrade the skin, the towel would frequently change. Avoid large area clean when washing your face, apply gentle methods, in the face of \"Tai Chi\" local massage shall normally be from right to left, bottom, gently massage small areas with wet towels 1-2 times, to remove dirt, easy blood circulation, enhance the flexibility of facial muscles.Deep cleaning + peeling is King!Tips 1: excessively exfoliate dry fasterCuticle metabolic cycle of about 2 weeks, only 0.1 mm thick. Therefore excessive exfoliation can easily cause skin problems. This \"excessive\" includes \"excessive\" and \"malicious\". Gentle exfoliation is too frequent, and not act, eliminating the old cuticle and skin for a short time to form a new cuticle. Without the protective cuticle, water is more easily lost, thus having dry skin problems.Tips 2: horny said to die fasterDry, peeling, are not suitable for exfoliation, never think that Exfoliating the skin, should now do is moisturizing, exfoliating will only reduce the skin\'s natural defenses, instead of peeling can be more serious.Tips 3: after Exfoliating cleanser is no hardExfoliation should be clean before you face will face remove excess dirt and oil, and after cleansing the skin with moisture, then scrub to get fair skin and bright.A moisturizing is a follow-upTips 1: hot towel compress waterWet towel with hot water and twisted dry either! half in his chair on the cargo bed towels folded into facial shape in the size of the face, eyes closed it! break after a while, you can get to it! and then massage your face with your hands! so your face is very comfortable! and very moist and it! [ASUS ZenFone Super Zoom lens experience details](https://ducaticase.wordpress.com/2016/02/03/asus-zenfone-super-zoom-lens-experience-details-iphone6/)Tips 2: cheered aloud!Must learn to apply when you apply lotion after the closure of the whole finger and palm slapping the face, forehead and Chin and other details, it is best to make a noise, which can promote skin cell to absorb more moisture, improve skin and water conservation of water.Tips 3: lotion used not to be mean!Use lotion when applied to neck, neck grease quantity is small, need to add water and oil, so be sure to develop a good skin care habits, to action every time they applied skin care products extends to the neck.Whitening is the most important!Tips 1: mask too \"thin\" [ASUS ZenFone Super Zoom lens experience details](https://ducaticase.wordpress.com/2016/02/03/asus-zenfone-super-zoom-lens-experience-details-iphone6/)High quality masks can be adsorbed tightly, locking the maximum dose of nutrients. Thick mask can ensure that the nutrients will not \"flimsy\" and apply face, skin temperature to rise effectively, promote blood circulation, penetration of nutrients to better spread across the organization. Thermal effect will soften the skin keratinocytes, pores dilation, so that accumulation of dirt on the inside better to discharge.Tips 2:Stay relaxedAfter treating the mask enough face, prohibiting frowning, laughing, and try to avoid talking loudly. Most important rejected phone! let yourself in a relaxing environment, still cares for your skin. Survey shows, comfortable environment and relaxing mood conducive to the absorption of skin care products.Tips 3: whitening should be absolutely effective!Many MM is of the view that since the essence of nutrients is so high, do not use aqueous emulsion can be, this is in fact very wrong idea. Replenish nutrition of the most basic of steps still need to perfect, timely backing role could make the pores in a soothing State, making it easier for elite into the skin. Should be in the correct sequence, use a lotion base, and then use the whitening essence, last frost and subsequent moisture.Featured products: POLA blondes partial whitening essence cream SX RMB 1090/25GRecommended reasons: POLA original active ingredient Lu Xin-look QL, quickly lock into melanin. New generation of lipid whitening technologies to improve deep dark spots, bloom white and uniform skin.Horny skin Exfoliating wash mobile stratum corneum of the skin skin care